Jordan the Bardella tried
yesterday at JT
TF 1 to make forget that his group was the one
who had least supported the text.
Uh.
We have to refuse
than one woman,
uh.
In France can 1 day,
Uh.
Worry about one of your rights.
Uh. Back off.
Uh.
1 majority of the group,
uh.
National Assembly in,
In favor of this measure.
So it is 1 majority of the RN parliamentarians
indeed sorry for.
11 of them voted against,
20ed and 11 did not participate in the vote.
The RN of the Assembly are therefore the group
having the least approved
theconstitutionnalisation
of the Ivg.
The Selman ceremony will take place this Friday 08/03
for the day
international women's rights organization
from the square.
Man gang.